--->Unsupervised Learning
In k-means Algorithm is very important to normalize data since it relies on mean calculation.
The initialization of the points are very significants for the final output of the Algorithm.
BIC = difference between the likelihood of the model and the complexity of the model.

Hierarquical cluster:
start where every sample is a cluster and group pairs of every iteration.
It is a bottom up approach.

In Data Mining the task of finding frequent pattern in large databases is very important and 
has been studied in large scale in the past few years. 
Unfortunately, this task is computationally expensive, especially when a large number of patterns exist.
The FP-Growth Algorithm is an efficient and scalable method
for mining the complete set of frequent patterns by pattern fragment growth
FP-Growth is faster than Apriori Algorithm.

Higher Dimensions are always a problem for clustering. 
Try to see if there are features that are not relevant for the cluster.

Unupervised is very used in compuer vision for finding patterns in the images.
It is also used for pretraining for deep neural networks.

K-means has a lot of drawbacks and is not the best algorithm for clustering.

In Gaussian Mixture Model - EM process of optimization, you calculate for each iteration the porbability of 
each observation being part of one gaussian distribution or another - Tik parameter (soft labeling). On the other hand, K-means is hard labeling.
The weight to each gaussian are calculated based on the dominance of one gaussian or another in our dataset.

Another model that does not constrains the cluster to be distributed in a gaussian way is called Finite Mixture Models.
ref - http://www.pymix.org/pymix/

Getting lower value for Hopkings metric means that at least there are some pattern in the data
You have to keeo the same distance measure for internal and external indexes.

The Optics Algorithm solve the problem of DBSCAN of getting just one epsilon for all the clusters.
The Optics starts with a lowers epsilon and go increasing until a cutoff parameter.
Another algorithm is DENCLUE which consider a density function for each point in the dataset
DBScan results does not depends on the initial conditions.
















